I made a simple tetris clone from this template in order to feel out ergonomics and find bugs.
Here is the notes from that project:

Tasks (in prio):
1. Fix bug in cmd_buffer. Bug will resolve itself when moving over to the handle system.
2. Proper opengl version handling. Before initializing should check what version is available and go for the highest possible. 
	2.1 Should rewrite all basic shaders to the 3.3 version
3. Fix up resize handling. Part of this task is figuring out what to do.
4. Fix Text drawing. Two parts:
	4.1 should be able to change font size.
	4.2 api should take variadic argument and internally format it with bprint with an internal backing buffer.

Raw notes from Tetris:
1. Make onResizeCallbacks a list in window.odin
2. Version handling in openGL. Older cards can use 3.3 while I used 4.2
3. draw_text should take text in the same way as fmt.print does.
4. when window changed size, can be handful to know old value or at least diff
5. reorganize, now render code is spread out and interferes with game code. Should be a single package import (create api)
6. change font size
7. Bug in cmd_buffer, add_draw_command should only append texture index on new cmd, not on increment


with notes:
1. Make onResizeCallbacks a list in window.odin
	1.1 Not sure about this one tbh. I don't like that the user doesn't control when the callbacks is happening. And I don't want the user to query for a 'window_resized bool' each frame either.
2. Version handling in openGL. Older cards can use 3.3 while I used 4.2
	2.1 This is a must fix. Need to look into if version can be dynamically changed on startup.
	2.2 Shaders should be written in the 3.3 version, while leaving room for compute shaders at higher versions.
3. draw_text should take text in the same way as fmt.print does.
	3.1 lower prio, but definitely want to do it eventually.
	3.2 could probalby have an internal string buffer and use bprint to format.
4. when window changed size, can be handful to know old value or at least diff
	4.1 should be baked into task with onResizeCallbacks.
5. reorganize, now render code is spread out and interferes with game code. Should be a single package import (create api)
	5.1 this is a must do, but I don't have to do it yet. Should work out a lot of other stuff first.
6. change font size
	6.1 must do.
7. Bug in cmd_buffer, add_draw_command should only append texture index on new cmd, not on increment
	7.1 should start with this. that bug is quite serious and won't let the user draw different stuff in the same frame.
	7.2 Could probably start looking into changing into the handler version of cmd buffer as well. 

